update readme files (#5)
DevExpress-Examples/maui-chart-examples: CS/CustomPointColorizer/Readme.md

# Color Points by Their Arguments

In this example, the bar chart displays monthly values colored based on the season. For a complete description, refer to the following help topic: [Series Point Colorizers](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403339/charts/series-point-colorizers). 

![Apply a custom coloring rule to bars](./img/chart-custom-point.png)

> To paint bars by seasons, assign a [custom colorizer](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403339/charts/series-point-colorizers#custom-point-colorizers) to a [bar series](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Charts.BarSeries)' [PointColorizer](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Charts.BarSeries.PointColorizer) property. In this example, the custom colorizer selects a color depending on the month serial number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To paint bars according to the season, assign a [custom colorizer](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403339/charts/series-point-colorizers#custom-point-colorizers) to a [bar series](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Charts.BarSeries)' [PointColorizer](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Charts.BarSeries.PointColorizer) property. In this example, the custom colorizer selects a color depending on the month's serial number.
```
